DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/apdex/view-your-apdex-score.mdx

title: View your Apdex score
tags:
  - APM
  - Apdex

> metaDescription: 'To view and troubleshoot Apdex dissatisfaction indicators for slow site performance and poor customer experiences, use APM, browser, and dashboards.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: To view and troubleshoot Apdex dissatisfaction indicators for slow site performance and poor customer experiences, use APM, browser, and dashboards.
```
